balanced for japan the 700 holy oaks at any point of the
our brazilian coast we are here in guarujá supplements
the morro shop specializing in supplementation for you
is an athlete produces and who is not an athlete
and for you who have a sedentary life
we are mainly here next door again
the times that is a nutritionist thaís daughters people have a sedentary life
mainly have to look for
the most rounded either in a professional's help when you miss
we negotiate and social fishery that the base
we have information that is the first in the game because some of the
advices
macauhub
an interview marked the actual management sr
with a midfield left the mixed crisis to switch to already point supplements
with midpoint your personal phone actually that 9 1 7 and 2 08 13 to whom
have some information that the modeling month this should of three
steps that also have 11 for another complication is a duty to respect
is 13 9 1 7 and 2 089
in half an hour if you can also offer items such as that to the site
of the store in the capital of bangladesh there are no supplements of the staple content
it's fantastic store
on the big block great friend Mario
I spoke in the previous video by the cycle I went back to doing activity
how we feel very well done in my work and works with
communication is exceptional if you have to feel very
With your
I'm really feeling
wonderfully well with all the portistas the tips
it was an attitude that attitude I had the country
there are people who take a little time
tomasete talking 'no I can I want to be with you or leave the laziness of
side
the tip for this person who is accompanying us to have a little bit
to ford the fiesta to suddenly who clean has the initiative closes
Yes, it's all true when you start doing activities that you
brings physical benefits physical brings not only prokop as fourth mind
also
the improvement of the income of the work is something interesting is what happens with
a lot of people you see that I counted turning up is also very cool
so to sit at home, it's important that you lift me up
I was in the activity
5th scientific symposium
and also look if you want me to make one thing clear
supplement is not just for the athlete
space nothing people do not want to enter the store not only looted athlete
also that anyone can use the then take that mystifying
even though you too that up athlete's shirt also known every act
initial legal I was barely specialized hillary for sure one day they left the
guarujá is planned if you find numerous products
has the nursery that the network nutritionist
all exports proved to have it again the brand feed
healthy food
we have two products here that she is creative
creative piratini
and we have here
the catch is the amino acid disgrace
What are the functions of the northern side of the country are the
snow
I have not even done it
very controversial has a huge controversy grandson and bacajá is out of the market
turned out to have thrown even well that the aunt is not something new your body you
already has a cretin municipalities producing armaments
we know that it is one of the brands of management to hire
so what are you going to do with it because it improves your
knowledge that I have to explain to the situation basis
it's a lot of strength then for those who want to train because they had not even shown
state of t-jet has been decreed that it is important that
increases the production of keratin and testament until it can give a gas in the
sector of the field estar maria granddaughter is that she is running out of content and creatine
It usually gives on exposure this gives me strength
the attack shows this is interesting to be
67 '- this may be the cowardly and thoughtless action we have
at age 22 is a city that debt disappears important
we call branched-chain amino acids such essential areas
I understand that I have less than what is essential my body does not produce without
act with translation of works the announcement of the limitation was the basics
in the face of denial
It's important to emphasize that I'm training only in that series, finishing my
energy
although responsible
It is prepared, I said, to make it possible for me to execute the movements of a
way the fastest and best time there that happens with bc the moving
story you end up losing decree that sport has important to make the
bc replacement
the goal of improvement fatigue has been decreasing
it will also be essential that the reconstruction of plans and this person
to finish finishing
she is doing physical activity with marginal bodybuilding that she is going to take
this question says
of training and also after training
in fact this is exactly to portray stock tips as well as power
do this replacement
if NATO politics does today killed three athletes do not talk the same way
of normal porter funds is because it has a higher requirement spent is higher but
actually this new york cheaper voting pattern is to meet with the
swimming pool
to all the supplements we have here
now already supplements just contact phone acting bc
it's clear and medium
That
dear nutritionist that what you say that the country will come back
together with me
with more information for you from here you will have a model here
We'll give you the tip.
that accompany our video throughout Brazil check your checking account